
Sudha Reddy - Managing Principal

Sudha Reddy has over a decade of real estate and general finance experience, spanning the gamut from investment banking to principal-level real estate ownership and management. In his role as Chief Executive Officer of Haven Realty Capital, Sudha oversees all aspects of the Finance and Acquisitions platforms.

Sudha began his career as an Equity Research Associate at CIBC World Markets where he covered the Internet and Defense sectors for the firm. After CIBC, Sudha became a Senior Analyst in the Private Wealth Management division of Goldman Sachs, working on a team that actively managed over $9 billion for high net worth families, foundations, and institutions.

Following his time on Wall Street, Sudha returned to his native Los Angeles and assumed all day-to-day management responsibilities of his family's legacy multi-family portfolio located in the South Bay of Los Angeles. Shortly after assuming control, Sudha created a more formalized organizational structure by founding R3 Properties, a vertically integrated real estate investment and property management firm focused on high demand rental housing in Los Angeles and surrounding submarkets.

R3's platform provided the initial foundation for the management infrastructure of what would eventually become Haven Realty Capital. Since Haven's inception, Sudha has overseen its growth into one of the largest operators of single family rental housing in the region.

Sudha holds an MBA from the Marshall School of Business at USC, a Masters in Real Estate Development (MRED) from the School of Policy, Planning and Development at USC and a BA in Psychology from Yale University.








Nicholas Genesta - VP, Asset Management

Prior to joining Haven Realty Capital, Nicholas Genesta was a Senior Vice President at the Bascom Group, a multifamily apartment operator specializing in opportunistic and value-added investments across the United States.

While at Bascom, Nick managed the annual financial audits for over 50 entities as well as the completion of Federal, State and Franchise tax returns for over 200 legal entities in the portfolio. Nick was also the primary administrator for all banking operations at the property and JV levels and developed many of the internal portfolio reporting processes of the asset management team.

In addition, Nick was instrumental in financial modeling and deal underwriting and played a key role in overseeing complex loan modifications, restructurings, refinancing and strategic dispositions during the market downturn. Nick’s prior experience also includes project management oversight on the renovations of over 80 properties valued in excess of $2 billion. In this role, Nick facilitated the disbursement of over $200 million in renovation funds and monitored property level expenses throughout various operating regions, amounting to 39 properties consisting of over 15,000 rental units.

Nick holds a BA in Economics from Yale University.








Richard Bunch - VP, Portfolio Operations

Richard Bunch joins the Haven Realty Capital team with over 35 years of residential and commercial project management experience. In his role as the Vice President of Portfolio Operations, Richard is responsible for all aspects of the firm’s SFR management activities including property management, value-add renovations, unit turns and ongoing property maintenance.

Richard began his career at his family’s design-build construction firm, beginning in the field and ultimately being promoted to various project management roles. After developing his skills at his family’s company, Richard founded a custom home building company which he grew and operated for 10 years.

Following his entrepreneurial endeavors, Richard worked as the Manager of Site Development for a mid-sized move-up production home builder. Richard then moved on to help a larger regional production builder start its Los Angeles Division where he spent the next five years as the Vice President of Operations.

In addition to his construction and project management experience, Richard is also well versed in performing project level due diligence, product value engineering and land entitlement.

Richard has been a licensed general contractor for 22 years.







Chris Turitto - VP, Acquisitions


Chris Turitto has over 15 years of experience in real estate investment, development and capital markets. His experience has spanned multiple commercial asset classes including multi-family, single-family rental, office and hospitality. Chris joined Haven in 2012 and is now currently Vice President of Acquisitions. While at Haven Realty Capital, Chris has been responsible for acquiring over $300 million of single-family and multi-family rental properties.
 
Prior to joining the Haven Realty Capital team, Chris served as Vice President at The Prime Group, a commercial development firm based in Chicago. While at Prime, Chris oversaw the $395 million redevelopment of an 800,000 square foot historic landmark building in Chicago’s Central Business District into a JW Marriott hotel. Prior to construction, Chris negotiated the hotel, spa and restaurant management agreements. When the facility launched operations in November of 2010, Chris assumed asset management responsibilities associated with the ongoing management of the project.

Chris began his real estate career in the National Property Operations group at Equity Office Properties (EOP). There he conducted market research and oversaw financial performance of EOP’s national parking garage portfolio. After being promoted to the Investments group, Chris executed over $400 million in acquisitions and dispositions for properties located in the Midwest and West Coast regions.

Prior to his time at EOP, Chris was a Debt Capital Markets analyst with HSBC Securities in New York. As an analyst, he modeled and executed structured, high-grade debt transactions in USD, Euro, and Sterling currencies.

Chris holds a BA in History from Yale University.








Arjun Reddy - Asset Manager


Arjun Reddy joined Haven Realty Capital in 2010 and currently serves as the company's Asset Manager.  In his role at Haven, Arjun is responsible for the day-to-day operations and performance of the firms single-family rental strategy.

Prior to his current role, Arjun was responsible for underwriting and acquiring over $200M of single-family rental properties at Haven.

Arjun received his BA in Exercise Science/Pre-Med from the University of Kansas.






John Moore - Senior Accountant

John Moore joined the Haven team in 2014 and has over 5 years of accounting experience. In his role in the Accounting function, John oversees the financial statement reporting for all of Haven entities and funds.

John began his career as a Financial Statement Auditor in the Assurance practice of Deloitte & Touche in Southern California. John was responsible for supervising public and private company audits for many midsize and large companies.

John received his Bachelors of Accountancy from the University of San Diego and holds an active license as a Certified Public Accountant in California.
